Whispers Story Data
*Ensure that all page numbers are listed after a colon ":", at the end of all story segments*


Shotty Game Studios:Whispers:--------------------:#A or B. Start Game.:1:1
You wake on a damp bed of leaves. Your head pounds, how did you get here?:To the north you see a satchel on the ground.To the south you see a rope leading over the edge of a cliff.:#A. Go North:#B. Go South:2:3
You walk over to the bag, it smells of potent rot,the leather is slimy.:The bag pulses slightly.:#A. Take The Bag?:#B. Leave The Bag? :4:5
You walk to the edge of the cliff and grab the rope, you descend to the base of the cliff.:#A or B. Descend.:8:8
You pick up the bag, it is warm to the touch, the leather ripples under your fingertips. You go to open the bag, but are met with a roiling sense of unease. Maybe the bag should stay closed.:#A or B. Go to cliff edge.:3:3
You decide to leave the bag, it’s gross and you’re pretty sure it’s not yours. You turn to leave, and you begin to hear whispers behind you. /Don’t leave us./:#A. Turn Around.:#B. Run.:6:7
You turn around to investigate the source of the whispers. You don’t see anyone. The whispers grow louder, your head starts to hurt… A familiar bag rests at your side.:#A or B. Go to cliff edge.:3:3
You run from the whispers, you run to the edge of the cliff and grab the rope. You descend in a hurry.:#A or B. Descend.:8:8
The forest is thick here, mist hangs close to the ground. In the distance you hear a low hum.:#A. Go East.:#B. Go West.:9:10
You walk east, and eventually come upon a small pond, the mist makes it hard to see, but you can make out your reflection in the water.:#A. Look Closer.:#B. Walk Around The Bank.:11:12
You walk west, the humming begins to grow louder, and louder, until your form resonates with it. You travel further west, you see an altar nestled amongst the roots and underbrush, upon it rests a basin of fluid. The Hum is intoxicating. You step up to the altar.:#A. Drink. :#B. Kneel.:15:16
You peer closer to the water, trying to get a better look at your reflection. You get closer and closer to the water, and stop. The face does not stop, and the creature below pulls you into the murky embrace of the pond.::
You walk around the bank of the pond, noticing scattered fragments of bone at your feet. You hear something in the water. You turn to see a warped lanky humanoid, it looks at you hungrily.:#A. Throw the satchel.:#B. Flee.:13:14
You reach for the satchel, it pulses faster now. Is it afraid? You throw the satchel, it hits the humanoid and lands at it's feet. The creature picks up the bag and takes a bite, your head throbs in pain.:63:63
You tear off into the forest, you can hear it crashing through the trees behind you. Eventually you think you've lost it. You hear the hum to your west. You can also make out a standing stone to your north.:#A. Go West. :#B. Go North. :10:17
You drink the fluid, but this communion does not absolve your guilt. You start to remember, your head pounds.:1:1
You kneel at the altar, head bowed... You have not atoned. The basin spills. Your guilt eats you alive.::"; //if the player has discovered the truth, this option will be replaced, the truth has not been implemented.
You walk towards the standing stone, it marks a simple grave, recently filled.:#A. Read the headstone.:#B. Mourn. :18:19"; //if the player has the photo from the pond, they will be able to mourn.
The stone is simply cut, there are no dates on the stone, just a name. Your name. Your vision blurs, your head burns with searing pain.:21:21
You look at the photo, and you're reminded of simpler times. You lay the photo on the headstone, the pain in your head eases slightly.:21:21
            ///
The truth whispers to you.:A or B. Try again.:1:1";